SWA to SWB
G0/1 to G0/1
G0/2 to G0/2

SWA to SWC
F0/21 to F0/21
F0/22 to F0/22

SWB to SWC
F0/23 to F0/23
F0/24 to F0/24

Configure:
---- Conn 1 (PAgP EtherChannel)-----
SWA
en
conf t
interface GigabitEthernet0/1
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 1 mode desirable
exit
interface GigabitEthernet0/2
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 1 mode desirable

SWB
en
conf t
interface GigabitEthernet0/1
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 1 mode desirable
exit
interface GigabitEthernet0/2
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 1 mode desirable

---- Conn 2 (LACP EtherChannel) -----

SWA
en
conf t
interface FastEthernet0/21
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 2 mode active
exit
interface FastEthernet0/22
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 2 mode active

SWC
en
conf t
interface FastEthernet0/21
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 2 mode active
exit
interface FastEthernet0/22
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 2 mode active

---- Conn 3 (LACP EtherChannel) -----

SWB
en
conf t
interface FastEthernet0/23
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 3 mode passive
exit
interface FastEthernet0/24
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 3 mode passive

SWC
en
conf t
interface FastEthernet0/23
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 3 mode active
exit
interface FastEthernet0/24
switchport mode trunk
channel-group 3 mode active

T/P
show etherchannel summary
show spanning-tree
show interfaces trunk
